[crate_universe] Add README to `examples/crate_universe` directory (#759)
bazelbuild/rules_rust: crate_universe/CONTRIBUTING.md

## How to test local changes

To use a local version, first bootstrap it. See [crate_universe/private/bootstrap/README.md](./private/bootstrap/README.md) for instructions on how to do this.

> This will build `crate_universe_resolver` and generate a `crate_universe.bazelrc` file which contains
> [override_repository](https://docs.bazel.build/versions/master/command-line-reference.html#flag--override_repository)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will build `crate_universe_resolver` and configure bazel to use the binary you just built.
```

> definitions of the newly built binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
